docs,ui: low vram guide & first run blurb (#7533)
invoke-ai/InvokeAI: docs/features/low-vram.md

As described above, you can enable partial model loading by adding this line to `invokeai.yaml`:

```yaml
enable_partial_loading: true
```

### Dynamic RAM and VRAM cache sizes

Loading models from disk is slow and can be a major bottleneck for performance. Invoke uses two model caches - RAM and VRAM - to reduce loading from disk to a minimum.

By default, Invoke manages these caches' sizes dynamically for best performance.

#### Fine-tuning cache sizes

Prior to v5.6.0, the cache sizes were static, and for best performance, many users needed to manually fine-tune the `ram` and `vram` settings in `invokeai.yaml`.

As of v5.6.0, the caches are dynamically sized. The `ram` and `vram` settings are no longer used, and new settings are added to configure the cache.

**Most users will not need to fine-tune the cache sizes.**

But, if your GPU has enough VRAM to hold models fully, you might get a perf boost by manually setting the cache sizes in `invokeai.yaml`:

```yaml
# Set the RAM cache size to as large as possible, leaving a few GB free for the rest of your system and Invoke.
# For example, if your system has 32GB RAM, 28GB is a good value.
max_cache_ram_gb: 28

> # Set the VRAM cache size to be just large enough to hold the models you want to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Set the VRAM cache size to be as large as possible while leaving enough room for the working memory of the tasks you will be doing.
```

Author: Thanks, accepted
